readme.md, before:

# IDS4 Use

## Setup

- Multi Project Debug

![multi debug](/assets/multi%20debug.png)

- SSL
  1. ```cd "c:\Program Files (x86)\IIS Express"```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44385/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44386/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44310/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44302/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44303/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. Debug and trust all certificate trust prompts

## Running

You may need to run twice.  The database will be created for you but if it doesn't exist, it may have a hiccup.  Just run again.

### Credentials

See [Sample Config folder](src/AdminUI/src/AdminUI.Admin/Sample%20Config).  You will need to run the projects and set up the clients and resorces.  

- API: Swagger is configured with correct client credentials already

![authorize btn](/assets/authorize%20btn.png)
![authorize dlg](/assets/authorize%20dlg.png)

### Things to try

1. First thing, register a user so you don't use the admin user to do things.
1. Try out the swagger api page and try calling the api with different combinations of scopes and not authorized.  Try runnimng the post api endpoint with the following scopes checked
  ![only read](/assets/only%20read.png)

1. In the mvc site, try clicking privacy or weather links logging in as a registered user.
    1. Try unchecking some of the requested scopes and see what it does to the functionality.  You will have to logout and then log back in to get the consent again
    ![consent](/assets/consent.png)
    1. Click privacy link to see claims
1. Useful powershell script to generate secrets

  ```ps
    $sec = ""
    $cnt = 1
    For ($i = 0; $i -le $cnt; $i++) {
          $id = [guid]::NewGuid()
              $sec += $id.ToString("D")
              if ( $i + 1 -lt $cnt) {
                $sec += "-"    
              }
          }
      $sec


  ```

See [AdminUI readme](/src/AdminUI/readme.md) and [skoruba/IdentityServer4.Admin](https://github.com/skoruba/IdentityServer4.Admin) for more info and setup.

Commit message:

Update seed data
Add weather API Resource and scopes

Add weather-swagger client

Add RandomID claim to profile

Add oidcClient client

Add vb-Winforms client

readme.md, after:

# IDS4 Use

## Setup

- Multi Project Debug

![multi debug](/assets/multi%20debug.png)

- SSL
  1. ```cd "c:\Program Files (x86)\IIS Express"```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44385/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44386/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44310/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44302/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. ```IisExpressAdminCmd.exe setupsslUrl -url:https://localhost:44303/ -UseSelfSigned```
  1. Debug and trust all certificate trust prompts

## Running

You may need to run twice.  The database will be created for you but if it doesn't exist, it may have a hiccup.  Just run again.

### Credentials

See [Seed Data](src/AdminUI/src/AdminUI.Admin/identityserverdata.json).  All the clients, resources, scopes wil have been created for you.  You can delete them in the ui and next time your run, they will be created again.  

- API: Swagger is configured with correct client credentials already

![authorize btn](/assets/authorize%20btn.png)
![authorize dlg](/assets/authorize%20dlg.png)

### Things to try

1. First thing, register a user so you don't use the admin user to do things.
1. Try out the swagger api page and try calling the api with different combinations of scopes and not authorized.  Try runnimng the post api endpoint with the following scopes checked
  ![only read](/assets/only%20read.png)

1. In the mvc site, try clicking privacy or weather links logging in as a registered user.
    1. Try unchecking some of the requested scopes and see what it does to the functionality.  You will have to logout and then log back in to get the consent again
    ![consent](/assets/consent.png)
    1. Click privacy link to see claims
1. Useful powershell script to generate secrets

  ```ps
    $sec = ""
    $cnt = 1
    For ($i = 0; $i -le $cnt; $i++) {
          $id = [guid]::NewGuid()
              $sec += $id.ToString("D")
              if ( $i + 1 -lt $cnt) {
                $sec += "-"    
              }
          }
      $sec


  ```

See [AdminUI readme](/src/AdminUI/readme.md) and [skoruba/IdentityServer4.Admin](https://github.com/skoruba/IdentityServer4.Admin) for more info and setup.
